# How I Built a Better Stack Overflow
When I was a fresh bootcamp grad, I understandably spent the majority of my time on the job hunt: interviewing, tweaking my resume, writing cover letters, etc. But I didn’t want to stop coding all together until I got hired. I wanted to continue to grow my skill set and build something useful, even if it was only I who would enjoy it.

During my bootcamp days, I found myself getting constantly distracted by what I would deem *unnecessary content* on Stack Overflow. You know the drill. You’re working on a problem. You get stuck. So you naturally punch it into Google and a Stack Overflow post of your exact question populates right at the top. You skim the top few answers for whichever most easily solves your problem and you immediately jump back to your IDE to implement said solution, right? Not if you’re me.

I would find myself constantly pulled away from meaningful work by, admittedly, intriguing but unrelated content on the sides of every post. Be it meta discussions, job postings, questions about mathematics, economics, video games, etc. These questions were pulling me away from the original reason I found myself on Stack Overflow in the first place. What’s good for Stack Overflow’s sticky metrics didn’t necessarily align with my productivity interests. Wanting to implement a solution to solve my own problem, as well as putting my newfound coding superpowers to the test, I decided to create a better Stack Overflow. This led to the creation of my Chrome extension.

When I initially set about this, I had no idea the lengths required to building a Chrome extension. In my mind, it was a daunting task. A few Google searches soon revealed it wasn’t going to be much difficulty at all. If you’re familiar with building basic web apps using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript; you already know all you need. The majority of my efforts lied in the initial setup and publishing process, while the necessary code was incredibly minimal.

